Psalm 73 a psalm of Asaph truly God is
Psalm 73 a psalm of Asaph truly God is good to Israel to such as our pure in
good to Israel to such as our pure in
good to Israel to such as our pure in heart but as for me my feet had almost
heart but as for me my feet had almost
heart but as for me my feet had almost stumbled my steps that nearly slipped
stumbled my steps that nearly slipped
stumbled my steps that nearly slipped where I was envious of the boastful when
where I was envious of the boastful when
where I was envious of the boastful when I saw the prosperity of the wicked for
I saw the prosperity of the wicked for
I saw the prosperity of the wicked for there are no pangs and their death but
there are no pangs and their death but
there are no pangs and their death but their strength is firm they are not in
their strength is firm they are not in
their strength is firm they are not in trouble as other men nor they plagued
trouble as other men nor they plagued
trouble as other men nor they plagued like other men
like other men
like other men therefore pride serves as their necklace
therefore pride serves as their necklace
therefore pride serves as their necklace violence covers them like a garment
violence covers them like a garment
violence covers them like a garment their eyes bulge with abundance they
their eyes bulge with abundance they
their eyes bulge with abundance they have more than heart could wish they
have more than heart could wish they
have more than heart could wish they scoff and speak wickedly concerning
scoff and speak wickedly concerning
scoff and speak wickedly concerning oppression they speak lawfully they set
oppression they speak lawfully they set
oppression they speak lawfully they set their mouth against the heavens and
their mouth against the heavens and
their mouth against the heavens and their tongue walks through the earth
their tongue walks through the earth
their tongue walks through the earth therefore his people return here and
therefore his people return here and
therefore his people return here and waters of a full cup are drained by them
waters of a full cup are drained by them
waters of a full cup are drained by them and they say how does God know and is
and they say how does God know and is
and they say how does God know and is their knowledge in the Most High behold
their knowledge in the Most High behold
their knowledge in the Most High behold these are the ungodly who are always at
these are the ungodly who are always at
these are the ungodly who are always at ease they increase in riches surely I
ease they increase in riches surely I
ease they increase in riches surely I have cleansed my heart in vain and
have cleansed my heart in vain and
have cleansed my heart in vain and washed my hands in innocence for all day
washed my hands in innocence for all day
washed my hands in innocence for all day long I have been plagued and chastened
long I have been plagued and chastened
long I have been plagued and chastened every morning if I had said I will speak
every morning if I had said I will speak
every morning if I had said I will speak thus behold I would have been untrue to
thus behold I would have been untrue to
thus behold I would have been untrue to the generation of your children when I
the generation of your children when I
the generation of your children when I thought how to understand this it was
thought how to understand this it was
thought how to understand this it was too painful for me until I went into the
too painful for me until I went into the
too painful for me until I went into the sanctuary of God then I understood their
sanctuary of God then I understood their
sanctuary of God then I understood their end
end
end surely you set them in Slippery places
surely you set them in Slippery places
surely you set them in Slippery places you cast them down to destruction oh how
you cast them down to destruction oh how
you cast them down to destruction oh how they are brought to desolation as in a
they are brought to desolation as in a
they are brought to desolation as in a moment they are utterly consumed with
moment they are utterly consumed with
moment they are utterly consumed with terrors
terrors
terrors as a dream when one wakes so Lord when
as a dream when one wakes so Lord when
as a dream when one wakes so Lord when you awake you shall despise their image
thus my heart was grieved and I was
thus my heart was grieved and I was vexed in my mind it was so foolish and
vexed in my mind it was so foolish and
vexed in my mind it was so foolish and ignorant that was like a beast before
ignorant that was like a beast before
ignorant that was like a beast before you nevertheless I'm continually with
you nevertheless I'm continually with
you nevertheless I'm continually with you you hold me by my right hand you
you you hold me by my right hand you
you you hold me by my right hand you will guide me with your counsel and
will guide me with your counsel and
will guide me with your counsel and afterward receive me to glory whom have
afterward receive me to glory whom have
afterward receive me to glory whom have I in heaven but you and there is none
I in heaven but you and there is none
I in heaven but you and there is none upon earth that I desire besides you my
upon earth that I desire besides you my
upon earth that I desire besides you my flesh and my heart fail but God is the
flesh and my heart fail but God is the
flesh and my heart fail but God is the strength of my heart and my portion
strength of my heart and my portion
strength of my heart and my portion forever for indeed those who are far
forever for indeed those who are far
forever for indeed those who are far from you Shall Perish you have destroyed
from you Shall Perish you have destroyed
from you Shall Perish you have destroyed all those who desert you for harlotry
all those who desert you for harlotry
all those who desert you for harlotry but it is good for me
but it is good for me
but it is good for me to draw near to God I have put my trust
to draw near to God I have put my trust
to draw near to God I have put my trust in the Lord God that I may declare all
in the Lord God that I may declare all
in the Lord God that I may declare all your works
your works
your works [Music]